
Hpack:
1. List of header fields (ordered name-value pairs)
2. Growable header field tables.
3. "In the encoded form, a header field is represented either literally
   or as a reference to a header field in one of the header field
   tables"
4. Literal values are either encoded directly or use a static Huffman
   code.
5. "The encoder is responsible for deciding which header fields to insert
   as new entries in the header field tables."
6. The decoder executes the
   modifications to the header field tables prescribed by the encoder,
   reconstructing the list of header fields in the process.

Dyn/static tables:
---------------------
7. "the request and response dynamic tables are separate"
8. dynamic table indices start after the static ones so if static has 40 items,
dynamic indices start at 41 (yes because static starts at 1)
9. Dynamic table is FIFO
10. The first and newest entry in a dynamic table is at the lowest index, and
the oldest entry of a dynamic table is at the highest index. Meaning the indices
will change.
11. The dynamic table can contain duplicate entries (i.e., entries with
   the same name and same value).  Therefore, duplicate entries MUST NOT
   be treated as an error by a decoder.
12. To limit the memory requirements of the decoder, the dynamic table size is
   strictly bounded.

Header fields and their decoding:
---------------------------------
13. The header field name can be represented literally or as a reference
to an entry in either the static table or the dynamic table.  The header
field value is represented literally.
14. There are three different literal reprs:
	1. The one that adds the header field as a new entry to the dyn table.
	2. The one that does not add.
	3. Don't add and never index. (useful for auth tokens and such)

Questions:
1. what order does the name-value pairs are in (just FIFO maybe?)
	A: "An encoder MUST order header field representations in the header
   block according to their ordering in the original header list."
	A: "A decoder MUST order header fields in the decoded header list according
   to their ordering in the header block.""

Implementation notes:
1. Initially don't support Huffman code.
2. Indices strictly greater than the sum of the lengths of both tables
   MUST be treated as a decoding error.
